feat: Update subject information checks to CRITICAL importance for DANDI compliance (#648)
NeurodataWithoutBorders/nwbinspector: CHANGELOG.md

### Improvements
* Added documentation to API and CLI docs on how to use the dandi config option. [#624](https://github.com/NeurodataWithoutBorders/nwbinspector/pull/624)
* Updated report summary to include number of files detected and indicate when no issues are found. [#629](https://github.com/NeurodataWithoutBorders/nwbinspector/pull/629)

> * Made subject information checks (`check_subject_exists`, `check_subject_id_exists`, `check_subject_sex`, `check_subject_age`) CRITICAL by default to be consistent with DANDI requirements. [#646](https://github.com/NeurodataWithoutBorders/nwbinspector/issues/646)

Author: ```suggestion
* Made subject information checks (`check_subject_exists`, `check_subject_id_exists`, `check_subject_sex`, `check_subject_age`) CRITICAL by default to be consistent with DANDI requirements. [#648](https://github.com/NeurodataWithoutBorders/nwbinspector/pull/648)
```
